---
title: fighting with gord
date: 2025-06-05
tag: blog, life, ailment 
---

that's me again. yeah. after the fun on that [*don't ask*](/dontask/) article, I want to come back to telling about me again.

yep, as the name suggests: i have [gord](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gastroesophageal_reflux_disease) (or gerd if you are more *au fait* with the American variant). Basically, it is when the acid fluid refluxing from stomach, touching the oesophagus and causing tremendous torments to my daily life.

every time i eat a meal (commonly in morning or evening), the stomach will feel bloated that i dont even want to eat (pretending that im full even that it was a long while since last meal). this is the excessive gas resulted in filling every corner of my stomach and would try to flux up the acid fluid.

it's been nearly a month since the ailment happens. i had to abstain from a lot of stuffs which are used to be my top pick, like fast food and such. yeah you know the drill: that's a normal behaviour for children to feel keen on eating those fried full of fat.

a more damned thing is that, it is during the period of intensive reviews before the university entrance exam. i thought a lot about that. really. ***a lot***. even state of mind would affect my situation of having gord (yes, it is also a cause for the disease among unhealthy life styles). i don't know what if i fall to sick in the day of exam. well, better hope it won't happen. 

in a brighter side: it tries to move me forward to overcome the odd. i started doing morning exercises and meditation whenever i can. i also have to sleep earlier to somewhat help reduce the thing (although right now it is around 11 pm here, at the time of writing). that's just a few things though. 

i also have to take medicines too. Nexium 40mg-single twice a day, Simethicone (Gas-X-like tablets) 80mg-double twice a day, and now Yumangel (Almagate 1g, of South Korea make) twice a day. Seems like they share the same timeline. Also not forgetting to mention some Vietnamese traditional natural-made methods (i currently drink some water soaked with a kind of leaf).

that's it lmao. i think i might want to get to bed soon or my abdomen will yell a heap of acids at my oesophagus. will update when i get better. see ya maties!!11!!1!!
