---
# title: huge website revamp plan 
tag: log, plan
---

g'day all.

i have been using eleventy as a base for my blog corner for nearly a month now. it's been very
 stable and steady.

however everything here is still just experimental. this blog page is, in fact, running on a 
javascript-based engine, separated from my main website using plain html/css.

should i decide to make a change?

if i was to make a change, it will take a lot of time. to convert all plain html pages to eleventy
 format using [liquid](https://shopify.github.io/liquid/) syntaxes.

it sure does take a lot of time. my html pages have been around for almost 3 years, so i can say they 
contain lots of huge, old, yet not so efficient codes. 

i plan to proceed the conversion this summer (excluding all the time before 30 june, because i will prepare 
for and attend a series of national high school graduation exams which are very important for my life), 
which may take (*ideally*) approx. 1-10 days. during the time, not only rewriting the page, i will also make
lots of rearrangements (like moving this blog from `blog.` subdomain to `/blog` subfolder) and massive 
redundants purging.

the target of page revamp, thus, is not only making the website optimised under a new code base, but 
will also makes the pages more clean and will only contain asked info (yes, who asked for *allat TL;DRs*???)

if you are thinking of an exact date-time, well, keep your expectation down: this is just a plan, and i will not ensure that things may be working smoothly (may even take *months* *years*). during the time i can bar out the page with a replaced index.html page, and vercel runtime backend will switch from *others* (or whatever name it bears) to *eleventy* (which is generally still compatible with html pages).